c:\users\fresa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\deleporterDemo.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\fresa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\deleporterDemo.Tests.dll
c:\users\fresa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\deleporterDemo.Tests.pdb
c:\users\fresa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\deleporterDemo.dll
c:\users\fresa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\fresa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\fresa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\fresa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\fresa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\fresa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\fresa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\fresa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\fresa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\fresa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\fresa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\fresa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\fresa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\StructureMap.dll
c:\users\fresa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\deleporterDemo.pdb
c:\users\fresa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\fresa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\fresa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\fresa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\fresa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\fresa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\fresa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\fresa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\fresa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\fresa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\fresa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\StructureMap.pdb
c:\users\fresa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\obj\Debug\deleporterDemo.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\fresa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\obj\Debug\deleporterDemo.Tests.dll
c:\users\fresa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\obj\Debug\deleporterDemo.Tests.pdb
c:\users\fresa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\fresa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\fresa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\fresa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\Deleporter.dll
C:\Users\Fredrik\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\deleporterDemo.Tests.dll.config
C:\Users\Fredrik\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\deleporterDemo.Tests.dll
C:\Users\Fredrik\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\deleporterDemo.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Fredrik\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\Coypu.dll
C:\Users\Fredrik\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\Deleporter.dll
C:\Users\Fredrik\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\deleporterDemo.dll
C:\Users\Fredrik\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\FakeItEasy.dll
C:\Users\Fredrik\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Fredrik\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\Fredrik\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Fredrik\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
C:\Users\Fredrik\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\Shouldly.dll
C:\Users\Fredrik\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\StructureMap.dll
C:\Users\Fredrik\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Fredrik\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Fredrik\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Fredrik\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Fredrik\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Fredrik\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Fredrik\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Fredrik\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Fredrik\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Fredrik\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
C:\Users\Fredrik\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.dll
C:\Users\Fredrik\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\Fredrik\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\deleporterDemo.pdb
C:\Users\Fredrik\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\Coypu.xml
C:\Users\Fredrik\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\FakeItEasy.xml
C:\Users\Fredrik\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
C:\Users\Fredrik\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\Shouldly.pdb
C:\Users\Fredrik\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\StructureMap.pdb
C:\Users\Fredrik\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Fredrik\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Fredrik\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Fredrik\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Fredrik\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Fredrik\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Fredrik\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Fredrik\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Fredrik\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Fredrik\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Fredrik\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
C:\Users\Fredrik\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
C:\Users\Fredrik\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Users\Fredrik\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Users\Fredrik\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\obj\Debug\deleporterDemo.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Fredrik\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\obj\Debug\deleporterDemo.Tests.dll
C:\Users\Fredrik\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\deleporterDemo\deleporterDemo.Tests\obj\Debug\deleporterDemo.Tests.pdb
